Add `tctl discovery status` troubleshooting includes for AWS and Azure (#68954)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/discovery/tctl-discovery-status.mdx

{{ provider="AWS" cloud="aws" resource="AWS EC2" }}

### Inspect {{ provider }} discovery status

Run `tctl discovery status` to check the state of dynamic Discovery Service

> configurations, when each Discovery Service last reported, and the latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations, when each Discovery Service instance last reported, and the latest
```

{{ provider }} enrollment totals:

```code
$ tctl discovery status --cloud={{ cloud }}
```

> A healthy configuration that discovered and enrolled two resources might

Reviewer: What does "might" mean here? If this means, "the below snippet is an example", I'd be more explicit about that. "Might" here could mean that this behavior depends on some condition.

Author: Ah yes, I can see that. I've made this more explicit: `The following example shows a healthy configuration that discovered and enrolled two resources`

produce output similar to the following:

> ```code

Reviewer: This is going to render with low contrast in our custom code component. We should use `text` here instead of `code`.

Author: Oh thanks, I had no idea! Fixed

Discovery config example-discovery:
  Discovery group: production
  Status: healthy
  Last run: 1 minute ago

  Service (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000):
    Poll interval: 5 minutes
    Last update: 1 minute ago
    example-integration:
      {{ resource }}:
        Previous sync: 1 minute ago (took 12s)
        Result: 2 found, 2 enrolled, 0 failed
```

> If the status remains `error` or `not reporting yet`, no Discovery Services are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the status remains `error` or `not reporting yet`, no Discovery Service instances are
```

> running, or the `failed` count is nonzero, try the troubleshooting steps below.

Reviewer: Does this assume the presence of another partial? Should we combine the two partials in that case?

Author: Yeah, it was sort of assuming another troubleshooting partial would follow it. I’ve made this partial self-contained by describing what those results indicate instead. I don’t think combining the partials makes sense here, since this one is paired with different troubleshooting content for each provider and service. The generic Discovery Service partial is also used by static discovery guides where this command doesn’t apply.
